Consuming data with REST Proxy requires a little more effort than the producer endpoints.
In this class, we're going to focus on
the most common and most basic functionality
offered by the REST Proxy consumer endpoints.
To consume data from REST Proxy,
you must first post to create a named consumer group,
just as you would do with normal call for client.
The name must be unique.
In this post to create the consumer group,
you'll specify a format of either binary, JSON, or Avro.
The format you specify will determine how REST Proxy
formats the date at which is returned to you when you begin to consume later on.
Additionally, the post will return to you a 200 response if successful,
the instance ID of your consumer,
and a base URI.
You should be using this base URI to format
your future requests for consumer information.
Using the base URI ,
you now need to post another request to the subscribe endpoint.
This subscribes the consumer group you just created to one or more topics.
Notice here that I'm posting to consumers,
group name, instances with the instance ID/subscription.
This is all included in the base URI.
So the only thing you would need to append to the base URI is subscription.
I've also made sure to specify my content type.
This is just as important with
the REST Proxy consumer endpoints as it is for the producer endpoints,
so don't forget to specify this.
Finally, I also have provided a list of topics I wish you subscribe to.
Again, even if you only wish to subscribe to one topic,
specify this as a list and just pass in the one topic you want to subscribe to.
You may also specify regular expressions,
or more than one topic.
The response you'll receive is a simply a 204 with no content.
REST Proxy is just acknowledging that it has successfully received
your request and the subscription is now active.
Now that we've subscribed,
you can actually take that base URI and append records
post-fix to make a Get request to begin consuming data.
Get requests for records may include an optional timeout or max bytes setting.
So again, if we look at this,
the base URI is specified up to the records.
So you would only need to append records.
Also, we're not setting content type here because this is a Get request,
but we are setting the accept header on this request,
and the accept header is formatted
the same way as our content type headers would've been formatted.
So we're telling the REST Proxy that when it sends data to us,
that we only accept this format.
So we're telling it that we want JSON data.
The good endpoint can return binary, JSON,
or Avro data, but it's based on the format that you choose in this consumer group.
When getting data you must also specify the accept header as I've said,
with the embedded type and the serialization format.
The formatting of this accept header is identical to the content type.
Once again, I just want to reiterate the fact.
Failure to specify this accept header or miss specifying it
will lead to your Get request failing with the 406 error,
just as with your producer integrations.
You need to be very careful to accurately specify this header.
Successful requests return 200 with zero, or more records.
So you can see records coming through the REST Proxy.
So Kafka is sending data to REST Proxy which is
actually using its internal client to subscribe to Kafka,
and then it will send the data back to you.
Successful requests will return a 200 with zero or more records.
In this example, there's a single record.
The exact amount of records will vary depending on timeout
and data throughput in the actual Kafka topic.
You must use the REST delete verb on
the subscription endpoint when you're ready to
unsubscribe the consumer incidence from the topic.
There is much more to the consumer API to explore.
You can mainly manage consumer groups,
partition assignment, and offsets.
We're not going to cover these topics in this course.
But know these APIs are available if you'd like to make use of them.
Check the REST Proxy documentation for more information.
Here's an example of what the REST elite would look like.
We simply send a delete with that base URI on the subscription,
and we return back from REST Proxy,
a 204 with no content.
Again, REST Proxy is just acknowledging that it's deleted this subscription.